Style is crucial for a modern website, but the vast majority of websites I've seen so far, whether or not facing the development community, are basically up to two themes—light and dark (so-called day and night), have to say This is too simple and rude for most programmers. Light color!== white and dark!==black, we switch the scene if the person is set to change: If the editor at hand only gives you these two options in the theme selection, then I have no doubt that most development The person is to be swearing directly.

P.S: In the previous discussion, some friends often cited Github's example as a rebuttal. It is undeniable that Github is a very great existence in this field, but this does not mean that it is perfect - no website is perfect. I think subjectively that github doesn't support multi-themes is one of the bad things that it does. If you don't talk about beauty or not, you can't do it when you switch back and forth between the editor and github. There are also some different usage scenarios, and there is not much more to expand here.

Multi-theme support has been a lot of detailed considerations since the beginning of CPS's overall architecture selection, and finally abandoned the mature ** previous generation ** css pre-processing schemes such as sass/less/stylus/postcss (I am subjective and not burdened Responsibility for all the states that are lost after compilation, and css preprocessing that cannot interact with js is classified as the previous generation css solution), and a more elegant and intuitive css-in-js solution ([styled-component](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)), making the entire theme mechanism and even the implementation of the style flexible and easy to expand, and I always mentioned, more intuitive.
